Improve doc accuracy for `aws_vpc_security_group_ingress_rule` and `a… (#32148)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/vpc_security_group_ingress_rule.html.markdown

  cidr_ipv4   = "10.0.0.0/8"
  from_port   = 80
  ip_protocol = "tcp"
  to_port     = 80
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> ~> **NOTE on optional/required attributes:** Although `cidr_ipv4`, `cidr_ipv6`, `prefix_list_id`, and `referenced_security_group_id` are all marked as optional, you *must* provide one of them in order to configure the source of the traffic.
> `from_port` and `to_port` are required, unless `ip_protocol` is set to `-1` or `icmpv6`.

Reviewer: Same suggestion as in egress rule

```suggestion
~> **Note** Although `cidr_ipv4`, `cidr_ipv6`, `prefix_list_id`, and `referenced_security_group_id` are all marked as optional, you *must* provide one of them in order to configure the destination of the traffic. The `from_port` and `to_port` arguments are required unless `ip_protocol` is set to `-1` or `icmpv6`.
```
